Context: 
This is a coding exercise meant to test your ability to understand and implement basic concepts,
where you will need to write code to clean textual data, 
build a tf-idf matrix for any given corpus and 
perform k-means clustering to cluster all documents for any given corpus. 
Please read all the points below BEFORE starting the exercise. 





Instructions:
1) Implement well-commented functions with docstrings in python3 to perform the following 
(see this video for reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKaoGeKD43w):

	
a) Read a text file using the path to the text file as the input parameter.
	
b) Remove punctuations, numbers and special characters given a document as input. 
	
c) Remove stopwords given a document as the input parameter - a basic list of stopwords is provided, 
you can use more extensive lists from the internet (please cite the link in your comments if you do).
	
d) Create a tf-idf matrix from scratch given a corpus as the input parameter 
(do not use any pre-existing packages that offer functionality to do this directly). 
Use this link for reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tf–idf
	
e) Perform k-means clustering on the rows of a matrix, given k and 
the matrix whose rows are to be clustered as input parameters 
(implement k-means from scratch and do not use any pre-existing packages 
that offer functionality to do this directly). 
Use this link for reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-means_clustering

2) 
Write tests for each of the functions above using the Test Corpus provided - 
assume each new line is a separate document. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE EXPECTATION IS TO WRITE CODE TESTS - 
this has NOTHING to do with testing / training as understood in classification / 
regression / supervised learning contexts. 
Use this link for reference: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/writing/tests/


3) Using the functions written in 

1) above, FOR EACH of the two Main Corpuses provided:

	
a) Clean each line (therefore making the assumption that each line is a separate document)
	
b) Create a tf-idf matrix using the cleaned data as input
	
c) Cluster documents using k-means clustering with k=2


The expected output is a mapping of document to cluster for EACH of the two input Main Corpuses.


4) Each Main Corpus comprises of product reviews from Amazon.com for a pair of products. 
The reviews for each product in a corpus is separated by three blank lines.
a) Create a confusion matrix of document to cluster mapping vs. document to product mapping 
for each of the two corpuses 
	
b) Create a short writeup discussing the confusion matrix 
(the observed similarities and / or discrepancies and potential reasons for them)
 and if you feel the results can be improved, 
how this can be achieved. 


5) OPTIONAL - Use stemming and n-grams (preexisting packages that offer functionality 
to do this CAN be used directly) to further clean the data in 
3) above. If you do this, please also add to your writeup any observed benefits 
of performing this additional step and the potential reasons behind the improvements 
/ deterioration in results due to it.




Expected output:

You will need to submit ALL your code(s) and the writeup for 4) / 
5) above.


